# The Mod Pack Meta Data

The pack will need to get developed further before it can be
accepted as a mod-pack on public distribution systems.

To that end, this document is the accumulated/draft version of
the pack-description for that publication task.

A Work In Progress

# Modpack Description

Like any good adventure, it starts out with a story about a simple 
player who is trying to scratch out existence in a harsh world.

Beset on all sides by evil and danger, the player is focused on 
establishing a place to find refuge from the dangers that lurk within 
the enchanted forests and eerie lands that are just around the hill.

Challenged by the burdens of hunger, and lack of resources, they must 
strike out, and find their quarry for a chance to become legendary.

At their home, a robust farm is developed and through some careful 
animal husbandry, meticulous plots of gardening, they do eventually 
produce a stream of sustenance to fuel their ever-increasing desire to 
delve deeper and farther afield for the next challenge.

This mod-pack aims to bring a sense of that adventure front and center 
and is an attempt to draw the player in and around the natural and 
comfortable as well as present the player with the challenges of evil 
and mystical powers embedded with their proximity to the magic present 
in the world.

The mod-pack is a blend of familiar mods that add a structured base of 
environmental and gameplay mechanics.  On top of those a layer of 
danger, evil, and magic.  Then topped off with splash of tinkering and 
building features to help players devoted to building to find support.

The inspiration of the mod-pack is a long list of packs that we've 
enjoyed (like MagicFarm), and other RPG games (D&D) and a bit of 
literature (Poe).   We're interested in developing this mod-pack and 
anticipate that after the initial release we will adapt with 
adjustments to the mix of magic/farming capabilities.   As an initial 
(version 1.0) release, it has been lightly tested against a server and 
we hope to rapidly move to a 2.0 version once a set of feedback from 
interested players is acquired.

Thanks for your support.  

---
Copyright (c) sibomots. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
